Joint work with Brooke Spring 2023
January 20th: Discuss the multiplex community detection article, introduce the network datasets and go over the code
Run findingk.m with the data (cell array) and find k, kc, kpr. If k<3 for any of the layers, discard the results. Similarly, if k> 20 for any of the layers, discard 
the results. If this is the case, fix k=6 for each layer, kc=3, kpl=3. Run MX-ONMTF with modularity density for real networks.
January 27th (need to change meeting time): initially run the algorithm with different K rather than learning it from data, go over the initial run of the algorithm on 20 ERN networks and discuss potential problems
Feb 3rd (need to change meeting time): change delta in EigenGap to see if we get larger K, start with 0.5. For now, set kc=K (assume all the communities are common across subjects). Sparsify the networks.
1) Threshold (input will be A): For each subject, you can take all the edge values, order them and keep only the top 20% (make it higher to ensure that the resulting network is still connected, no isolate nodes), you need to make
sure that you take the same percentage of edges across all subjects. 
- use the threshold A, \hat{A} and rerun EigenGap to check how K changes
- get the visualization code from Meiby
Feb 10th: use K=6, focus on visualizing the clusters for each layer. Next, transfer the maps to topomaps. (share topomap code)
Feb 17th: Focus on visualizing the clusters, determine clusters that occur in the majority of the layers and focus on visualizing clusters that are common across the
majority (>10 layers), find out why the node labels differ for the same cluster across layers. Implement thresholding (described above) to the input A matrices and rerun the
algorithm.
Feb 24th: create intercluster strength of all edges between the cluster nodes identified (with A threshold of 0.9 matrix). For the EEG brain plots, remove the lines and edit label font to be more visable.
Email the figures for the paper by Wednesday. If time, play with thresholds (delta, eiggap)
March 3rd (cancel). Meeting 11:30Am FRiday .
March 10th: spring break
March 17th: move to Thursday 16th, 10AM. Focus on "Using connectome-based predictive modeling to predict individual behavior from brain connectivity" paper
Brainstorm ways to relate either kc or kp to identifying individual subjects and metrics to do so. Can also review "Functional connectome fingerprinting: identifying individuals using patterns of brain connectivity"
-Possible other algorithms focusing on private communities.
March 24th:
March 31st:
April 7th:
April 14th:
April 21st:
April 18th:
